Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We are going to pray.
There is a lot that has happened today.
If you go back to the things the Lord showed us last night, it is amazing what we are seeing in the news today and what we are seeing concerning some of the things we have prayed over the last two weeks or so.
First off, I want to say this to all the new people.
There are so many people coming.
We had a thousand new subscribers in the last 24 hours.
Over a thousand just from Facebook alone.
So many coming from X.
I just want to tell you all as we do this, Brandon does not do anything.
There is nothing that I can do on my own on any of this broadcast.
You are going to watch this and I give all the glory to God.
I have a treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of me.
I always want to let you know I do not control any of this.
The Lord shows me what he wants me to see.
I see in part, hear in part.
And I truly believe the Lord said, Brandon, I am raising you up for these end times that you will bring forth a million men and women prayer army on YouTube to pray for the nations, to pray for the wars, to pray for the things that you will see.
And in doing so, you will change things through prayer.
And I truly believe we are seeing the things the Lord has showed us in visions and dreams.
I truly believe we are seeing this and I believe we are changing things through prayer.
I believe the power of that is why our foundation name is Prayer Changes Things because we believe it with all our heart.
But we attract the world.
People want to know what language I am speaking when I am praying.
That is the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
That is tongues.
I pray in tongues more than I pray in English, especially around the house.
It is a perfect prayer.
If you want to know more about praying in tongues, I would encourage you to get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
You can get it free on YouTube.
There are people that have audio.
They push the button.
You can just let it read to you.
Take probably about 30 minutes.
You can learn all you can about tongues in that 30 minutes from Brother Hagin.
Without me taking time to go into all that, because there are a lot of people that just want to jump in the river, you can go on there and listen to Brother Kenneth Hagin.
He will change your life if you listen to some of the sermons he preaches because it has changed my life.
We go from glory to glory, ladies and gentlemen.
I am just a vessel.
Will he use you?
Yes.
If he will use Brandon Biggs and if he will use my wife to do what we have done in the last two years on this platform, he will definitely use you.
I am just a sinner saved by grace.
I am so excited that God would use me for such a time as this.
I am so thankful that you are here tonight, all 2,300 of you in the last couple minutes.
We are going to jump right in this.
I always want to give God praise and glory first because he deserves all of it.
It is not Brandon.
So, let us go ahead and show them what you showed me today.
Big things today.
You should let us pull the article up.
Go ahead.
Israel Air Force strikes Iran oil facilities, military sources say.
Did you understand that?
I know my reading is not that good.
Four major refineries, gas and oil, were struck by Israel and the United States Army just in the last two hours.
What I told you was coming by the spirit of the Lord.
He told us what was coming.
Now, this is a video of the refinery on fire.
People thought it was AI.
It is not AI.
It happened and it is happening right now.
It is all on fire.
They blew up their oil facility just a little bit ago.
I was waiting on it because I saw it over a year ago before they even had a war.
I said this is what is going to happen.
I said anti-semitism will come at an all-time high in the days ahead because of what is about to happen.
I said they will blow up their oil refineries because the Lord said they would.
So we see them all burning.
Pretty amazing what it looked like, does it not?
Did anybody know that happened just a little bit ago?
They are all on fire.
Then I saw the Strait of Hormuz be heavily in conflict.
This is all of them blowing up.
Sorry, my nose is bothering me today.
Spring loves me.
Did you see it?
They can see all that.
Pretty amazing, is it not?
All that going down.
So, what did the Lord show us back on June 1st, 2025?
What the Lord showed me, we will go back to what he said to us.
War breaking out with Israel and Iran in the days ahead.
I told you back in January that I saw American missiles striking a mountain that was an underground city and Iran set all kinds of deterrence trying to stop this missile.
It was a very powerful one.
When Israel does this, I saw that they set Iran back financially, nuclear, everything.
I heard the spirit of the Lord say they put them back in the stone age.
When they do this, they strike their refineries.
When they strike the refineries, I saw gas and oil prices skyrocketing.
I have warned you this since 2023 about this.
Then the Lord showed me in that vision the 1970 gas wars.
I saw cars lined up down the blocks because of gas shortages and it would bring the price of oil up $200 a barrel.
Big money trying to flow which would stimulate the American economy whenever these big oil productions get hit in the Middle East.
It would happen for a season for a window.
I saw drill, baby drill.
I saw pipelines being opened up, being worked out, making big agreements for pipelines.
The Nord Stream pipeline, I believe, is what it is called.
I saw it being talked about, opened up, working on it, like trying to get this pipe deal going, doing major oil big deals ahead, stimulating America's economy.
When this happens, I saw great anti-semitism because of people being mad at Israel about what they are about to do.
Remember this.
I saw them wanting to retaliate with war.
Russia, Syria, Turkey.
I saw them getting upset in the Middle East.
Have we changed it through prayer?
I do not believe we have.
So Syria, I do not know about that one.
It is things I see.
In this, the Lord has warned me about Pakistan lately.
Pakistan praying over Pakistan, praying over people trying to be helpers in this.
Will we see that whole thing come to pass?
I do not know.
I seen it and I warned you about it.
I see in part, I hear in part, but will the full manifestation of it come?
I do not know.
People say, Brandon, are you prophetic?
I never claim to be prophetic.
So the haters out there that want to say, Brandon, you are a prophet, and you miss part here, see part, I do not claim to be.
I am a watchman.
I bring this stuff to you to pray about.
I yield to the prophetic anointing, but I do not go out there call myself prophet Brandon Biggs.
I do not use those titles and try to have my big sign on the marquee.
Prophet Brandon Biggs says, Come to your church.
I do not go to churches.
I stayed in my own church.
I do my own thing.
I pray with you because that is what God told me to do.
And until he instructs me to do something else, I don't do it.
I do exactly what the master says.
I don't try to promote myself.
My son puts the videos out and it's for you to chew on.
If you don't agree with it, spit it out and say, "Hey, that isn't for me.
We believe you're false.
" That's fine.
There's a lot of people who do.
I mean, I'm seeing more and more of it.
But you know what?
We keep beating the drum with Jesus.
And I believe with all my heart that will prove to be accurate in the days ahead, some of the things that you will see on a day-to-day basis like you're seeing right now.
I just keep on keeping on praying and believing God for this end-time harvest.
I'm about souls.
I'm about the harvest.
All this other stuff don't matter.
It doesn't matter what we see right now.
Who cares in the next couple of months, in the next year, whatever.
The bottom line is, do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior?
If you die tonight, where will you spend eternity?
All this other stuff is just people.
It's distracting, not to deflect.
If you come here, it's always me telling you, go find Jesus and read your Bible for yourself.
It's not about a branding show.
It's about Jesus.
And that's why I want to keep telling you all this over and over again.
The main mission that I have is to pray for the lost because there's many people, 170,000 people a day die and a large percentage of them go to hell.
And if I fail to tell you anything, if I don't tell you about my friend Jesus, all this other stuff is just water under the bridge.
It'll be in the bottom of the bird cage in a couple of days.
There'll be repercussions of the war and things happening, but the bottom line is all of it, everything that I have told you, it doesn't matter other than if you don't know Jesus, you need to know Jesus.
So, I want to show you this right here.
I want you to tell them about what he said about Cuba.
This is about the facilities under the mountains.
And Braden found this and I thought this was interesting.
This is why the first phase of this war of what we're doing right now, liberating the Iranian people, is about over.
Now, phase two.
We are praying as an intercessor; we're not praying the news.
If you're praying the news, I've already told you you're behind.
The Lord shows us way in advance what's coming and we pray way before it happens.
So, show them this.
Show them that.
That was interesting.
You don't have to show the whole thing, but I just thought it was interesting some of the things you showed me today about that.
Talk about Cuba because that's hot on the list right now.
What we are praying about Cuba is this is go time and the Lord told us last night if we go over, just pause for a second.
Get it ready because I won't have a gap in between.
It's ready.
Ready?
Go ahead.
Keep going.
I don't want them to wait.
So, have it up and queued and ready.
Go.
What is the second phase of Operation Epic Fury?
It starts with a B2 stealth bomber dropping a massive bunker buster bomb on a target nestled in the Alborz mountains surrounding Tehran.
The target was chosen for a specific reason.
Buried deep beneath the mountains, Iran has constructed a labyrinth of multi-layered underground tunnels.
They built this vast network to hide their crown jewel and massive arsenal of ballistic missiles.
Their strategy is simple but deadly.
Emerge from these hidden bunkers to ambush American jets when they least expect it.
So, how do you counter a threat buried that deep?
You use a highly surgical weapon designed to pierce straight through thick layers of reinforced concrete.
With just a dozen of these bunker busters, the military can wipe out an entire underground missile city in a single devastating strike.
What is phase two of Operation Epic Fury?
7 days of sustained combat.
The skies over Iran are finally quiet, but don't let the silence fool you.
Although the US has achieved near total air superiority, the war is just entering its most dangerous stage.
Phase one was about clearing the skies, while phase 2 is about targeting Iran's strategic ballistic missiles underground.
These are high-tech labyrinths bored deep into solid mountain rock shielded by hundreds of feet of earth and reinforced concrete.
If you drop a standard bomb here, it won't even leave a scratch.
But here is the problem.
Iran is still not out of the fight.
If the US owns the sky, why not just send in standard fighters?
Because while Iran's main network is shattered, isolated surface-to-air batteries like the S300 are still hiding in the shadows.
For an F-15E, the legendary bomb truck of the Air Force, one lucky radar lock from a rogue missile is a death sentence.
And in a high-stakes conflict, losing a crew and a multi-million dollar jet to a surviving battery is a risk the Pentagon simply won't take.
When the risk is too high for conventional fighters, you bring in the big boys.
The B2 Spirit stealth bomber.
This $2 billion flying wing was designed for one specific purpose, to go where nothing else can.
It doesn't fight air defenses.
It ignores them.
Cruising undetected in the stratosphere, the B2 is the only platform on Earth capable of penetrating this contested airspace to deliver the final blow, raining down dozens of 20,000 lb BLU 109 bunker busters to crack the mountain wide open.
But where are the nuclear sites located?
The forces targeted highly fortified subterranean weapons complexes often referred to as missile cities, which were carved deep into the bedrock of the Alborz mountains surrounding Tehran.
Where did this long range mission originate?
The operation began thousands of miles away at Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri.
4 B2 Spirit stealth bombers took off for a direct roundtrip mission, relying on a fleet of aerial refueling tankers over the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea to complete the 6,000 plus nautical mile journey.
But how did the military prepare the airspace for the incoming bombers?
Phase two.
That's what we've been praying over.
Finding these I said I saw these caverns that were all leading like a tunnel that all led to each other in some way.
And they were like big enough for a train to go down.
That's how big these tunnels were.
Massive tunnels that they had underground.
So, for what I understand, for what he said, unless this guy's not accurate in this video, phase two is to get rid of all this stuff underneath the ground.
And that's what we've been praying for, for the secret intelligence.
Last night, I have to use key words because I'm not going to put anybody in danger.
If you watch last night's video, we prayed for the secret intelligence, the secret people, concerning all this on both sides, Israel and America.
And so we were interceding for that to expose these hidden bunkers, to expose where these people are hiding.
And they said that a school playground, a school, a little girl school was hit.
What did the Lord say to us?
He said, "They're hiding these bunkers and these things underneath schools, mosques, old folks homes, and hospitals.
" And he said they're deep underneath there and they're hiding their bases and their strategic commanders underneath these facilities.
So we had a little girl school or whatever it was be America saying we didn't do it.
They said they did it.
So I don't know what that's all about.
But as we keep praying into this, I believe that we there will be no cave.
There's no rock.
There's no place of refuge for the evildoers.
That every single one of them will be brought to justice.
The ones that have tortured Christians, murdered innocent people, creating weapons of mass destruction, trying to eliminate the American people.
That's why you have all these ignorant people that have no clue what they're talking about when we pray.
And that we've been interceding for this for years, praying for the window of opportunity for the Iranian people to have a window of opportunity to bring in the lost.
So I saw the prince and the Lord said to pray for this man.
I saw him be strategically picked to run the nation.
And when this took place, I saw him speaking to the Iranian people and an assassin took him out.
And the Lord said, Then they will bring in another leader that will be even darker again.
And this is where Ezekiel 38 and 39 will start to spring forth.
It is leading up to it.
Praying over this time frame, I saw this man with the gray hair and the bald head rise up and try to be this leader.
They picked him just like the Lord said they would, and they are saying he is going to help bring in the Iranian people so they can vote.
They want to bring in a vote, letting them have a say in who they want to be a leader.
And this man right here gave a speech saying that President Trump is going to allow him to do it.
He is the prince.
And Lord, I said, I told you all prior to this, I said, I saw him be taken out, and the Lord said, pray for him.
We see this stuff on the news.
Number two, last night we were praying and I said there will be a shock and awe event in the days ahead that will completely rattle the world, for there will be two things happen at one time.
And I saw the people of Cuba be liberated in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, I am setting the people of Cuba free from a bloodline of terrorism concerning the Castro.
He said he is going to eliminate the bloodline concerning this dictatorship over Cuba.
And he said, I am going to liberate the Cuban people and a great revival will come.
I saw this man be removed.
Okay, the evil man, he will be removed in the days ahead.
Remember this.
I am that bold about it.
I know the Lord said, I am bringing a revival to the Cuban people.
I am going to bring a revival to Venezuela.
I am going to bring a revival to Mexico.
Claudia's days are numbered.
And I saw some kind of agreement where Cuba becomes almost part of America in the days ahead.
I do not want to say they are a state, but there is something that happens so big with the Cuban country and America in the days ahead.
I saw a spring of growth come up out of Havana that went in all different directions with spring forth of growth coming out of it with great fruit.
Then I saw F-150 trucks, Ford, Chrysler, American-made cars, nice American cars were starting to be imported to Cuba.
I saw F-150 trucks driving around on Cuban streets, brand new ones, used ones, nice trucks from where they are.
I saw a darkness over the country and all of a sudden a light started to spring forth out of Cuba with an internet cable that went over into Europe.
It went over and it had power to it and it looked like Russia was dealing with them.
America was dealing with them.
I saw Cuban cigars.
Now, I do not know what that is all about because we do not need to be smoking.
It is bad for us.
But I saw Cuban cigars.
And people were smoking Cuban cigars.
It had a yellow band around it.
Like I said, I do not smoke, but it was not cut at the ends.
It was a package.
And I could see on the southern side of Cuba, I saw people with cigars and I thought that was interesting.
Especially men, they were smoking them.
I thought it was interesting.
Do not know what that is about, but I saw it.
Okay, that is what I saw last night.
And it was a gold band around this Cuban cigar, this tobacco product.
And it had to do with trade.
It had to do with some kind of economic something.
But they became more of America.
I saw again, David has slain his tens of thousands and Saul has slain his thousands.
Rubio was a type of a David representing in going into Cuba, being a diplomat, establishing Cuba as a nation that is going to be free from all this dictator stuff.
Venezuela, Mexico, and Colombia will be liberated in the days ahead with more freedom without drug cartels.
Brazil, major revival.
Do I think they are going to take out Colombia's leadership?
No, that is not what I am saying.
It spread trade.
Prosperity started to flow.
I saw US forces like mercenaries taking out cartels, major cartel leaders will go home.
I saw three in particular that would go home fast.
I do not want to say go home.
I always try to be okay with live stream because I cannot say whatever.
I try to watch the words.
But that is good enough.
They take out three major cartels.
And I saw turf wars coming, major turf wars in Mexico concerning this cartel and this cartel.
They were fighting each other with turf war.
Who is going to be the boss?
A lot of confusion is coming to the cartel because major leaders, key players will be gone in the days ahead by people like Navy Seals that are assigned.
I saw them and it is done.
I saw the mafia in Florida in these white houses, but I saw the trafficking for drugs into New York and other things.
But this is what I thought was interesting because of the five families of the Italian mafia and these other mafia, I saw them rising up in the days ahead and they would become like a hero against corruption.
And I thought it was interesting.
It was concerning coming against Eric Adams.
And so play the video, you can see what is happening with Cuba today.
Okay.
You want to see the liberation part?
Not protesting.
Go ahead.
So, last night when we were praying, I saw darkness all over the island and the Lord said it will happen in darkness.
Phase two will happen in darkness.
Remember this, Chinooks.
Remember, I saw a liberation coming in darkness and it was so heavy on me last night.
I said it would not be like it was whenever it happened with Iran.
The Lord said, I kept telling Braden, I said, Look in the news.
Look at the news.
Something is about to happen.
It happened 24 hours later, 48 hours later.
And I said, I feel the same kind of pulse concerning Cuba.
But there is an underground facility with a weapon that is underneath the ground that is similar to Hiroshima.
I am telling you these words.
I do not use it.
You know, people say, Well, Brandon, that sounds ignorant.
It is what it is.
I barely graduated high school.
I am trying to help you all.
Listen to me.
This is what the Lord said, not Brandon.
And I said, so then he tells me, he said, These underneath there, it will be like a dog.
And I saw an old looking junkyard dog backed in a corner and I saw that man with the slick back hair.
The Castro looking guy.
Oh, he was backed in a corner and he was going to use this thing underneath the ground.
If you remember what the Lord showed me, I saw I kept praying out about Alabama and Mississippi.
Praying over the coastline, Florida, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, and then Louisiana, praying over this area for attack against our water supply and our infrastructure for water, our water purification plants, praying over this tyrant.
It is a drug lord because of what is about to take place when you back and the Lord said do not underestimate your enemy.
Do not look at them as weak because the nerd in the playground has a secret weapon.
You may be the big jock in the campus but that guy has a baseball bat behind him and you do not realize it.
And that is what I saw us as being.
I do not want to say we are the bully, but we are the big guy that you look at and you go, Ah, he is the jock you do not want to mess with at school.
You know, the United States military.
Don't underestimate the nerdy guy with a bat.
That's the only way I can describe it, as simple as I can.
And I saw this man trying to do something crazy.
He's like demon-possessed.
Well, he don't want to lose his power and he don't want to lose his country, and so we pray for a peaceful transition.
This will be good for the Cuban people.
They're going to bring financial stability and blessing to these people.
Watch.
And people go, 'Well, you know, I don't agree with it.
' No, I'm telling you, they're going to be better off than they've ever been.
I've seen it.
There will be a blessing on the nation and Christianity will flow.
And I saw the satanic stuff.
I don't talk about it.
They had a black cloud over the nation and it started to be lifted because the power of the gospel was being preached uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force because missionaries started flying in there even greater and it started flowing through these nations and great churches and things were starting to take place and liberation was coming through Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia, and it starts spreading down south.
And I saw a major revival take place all throughout South America.
And the Lord told me, I said, 'Lord, are we going to invade North Korea?
' He said, 'No, I'll handle that myself.
' He'll try to use a nuke.
He ain't right.
It's totally different whenever little Kim has all these nukes.
You understand?
So I saw the Lord dealing with Kim Jong-un in the days ahead like Pharaoh.
I don't want to; it's like he becomes nuts because of paranoia after this happens with Cuba.
I saw two things happen at once.
I saw this thing happen like this.
Bang, bang.
Now I want you to play the video now.
Can you play that?
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm trying not to talk too much.
I already gone too long.
Okay.
Is this one where you said all the?
Yeah, you can do that.
That's good.
That was neat.
Yeah.
Okay.
Because I have all these.
Yeah.
Go ahead and play it, son.
This is good.
I like this.
This is President Trump and this happened I believe this week.
Congratulations as well to co-owners Jorge and Jose Mas.
Yes.
Mas who came from Cuba, right?
Originally from Cuba.
Huh.
Your parents came and you're going to go back.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's going to be and you won't need my approval.
You just fly back in when I can just see that it's going to be a great day, right?
We're going to celebrate that separately.
We I just want to wait a couple of weeks.
I wanted to wait a couple of weeks, but we'll be together again soon, I suspect, celebrating what's going on in Cuba.
They want to make a deal so badly.
You have no idea.
It's doing very badly.
They're failing.
Cuba right now is, to put it mildly, a failing nation.
And I've been hearing about Cuba, I said before, since I'm a little boy, I've been hearing about Cuba and everybody wanted to change.
And I could see that happening.
Marco Rubio is dealing on it and at a very high level, and you know they have no money, they have no oil, they have no food and it's really right now a nation in deep trouble and they want our help.
The Cuban government is talking with us.
They're in a big deal of trouble as you know.
They have no money.
They have no anything right now.
But they're talking with us and maybe we'll have a friendly takeover of Cuba.
We could very well end up having a friendly takeover of Cuba after many, many years.
We've had a lot of years of dealing with Cuba.
I've been hearing about Cuba since I'm a little boy, but they're in big trouble and we could very well something could I think very positive for the people that were expelled or worse from Cuba that live here.
You know, one of the things that is happening that I think you see it, you see it all the time, Howard, you've seen it, that Cuba is ready to fall.
You know, Cuba looks like it's ready to fall.
I don't know how they if they're going to hold out, but Cuba now has no income.
They got all of their income from Venezuela from the Venezuelan oil.
They're not getting any of it and Cuba literally is ready to fall.
And you have a lot of great Cubans that are going to be very happy.
He's using it in his second.
And then he quickly turned to Cuba.
He said without being asked, Cuba is going to fall pretty soon by the way, but Cuba is going to fall.
They want to make a deal so badly and I asked how so he said they want to make a deal so I'm going to put Marco over there and we'll see how that works but we're really focused on this one now meaning Iran he's got plenty of time on Cuba.
Johnson, I love Benny bringing that for what the stuff he did.
Hey, I just want to tell you all it's important when we pray and we see things to give God glory for what we're seeing because we saw it before it happened.
But we give all God all the glory.
Isn't Jesus wonderful that he would show us the signs of the times before the things that are happening in the news right now?
We've been seeing for weeks, weeks prior.
And we have videos to prove it.
Videos to prove it.
Everything is all there.
There ain't nothing I told Braden, I said accuracy is important.
There's too much prophetic flakiness.
It's dark over there.
That's what the Lord was saying.
And I didn't know all this.
And I told Braden, I said, 'Start looking this up.
It's pitch black.
They're all over there.
There's no lights.
' I said, 'It will happen in the night.
It will happen when the lights are out.
Look what happens.
There's darkness.
' And I said, 'The darkness is coming from cyber attack.
You can go back to July.
' And I said, 'Cyber attacks are coming to Cuba and there'll be darkness across the land.
' Braden to bring those up.
He's working on shorts because it goes everything we always try to instead of just spouting things off.
It's I said, 'You'll see it in the news.
' And there it is.
I said, 'You'll see it.
' And it I remember I even want to gave the word.
I said, 'Darkness is going to it's all over Cuba.
' And I said, 'Cyber attacks are coming.
' But not only are they coming for I saw, but it was in America, Philadelphia, I saw parts of New York.
And they were shining the lights from the streets on the buildings.
They were shining the lights on from the streets on the buildings to make the buildings glow because it's glass front mirrored.
And I saw the darkness on these cities and on Cuba and on this area through cyber attacks and I said some of this will last up to three weeks darkness.
I saw major city.
Do you have that?
He knows how to pull it all up.
I'm so proud of him.
He keeps track of all this.
This is June 25th, 2025.
Is this something?
I believe so.
Yeah.
Is it this one?
Go ahead.
I believe it is.
Just play it.
How many minutes have I gone?
I think 40.
Ah, too long.
Trying to and be said was on purpose and dark and I seen darkness on Cuba, darkness like complete grid down and this was on purpose and in a retaliation there's things there that is not being aid of what because they're making ties with Russia and because these ties of Russia certain entities are trying to influence they see it they know it's coming they know what they're doing and they and there's darkness coming on Cuba I saw darkness on it and I don't know why it's some kind It happened cyber.
I don't know.
He just found that and but this is what I'm trying to being accurate when I tell you I see something and I'm telling you what I'm seeing, but I'm praying.
And June 25th of 2025, seven months ago, what plus?
Mhm.
Eight months.
I don't know.
Yeah.
And you always say, you always say, 'I don't know why I keep seeing Cuba, but I see Cuba's dark.
' I don't understand why I see Cuba dark.
Yeah.
I said, 'Dark's going to go Cuba's going to go dark.
' And that's why I keep seeing in these visions.
Next.
Do you have another one?
Yeah.
I just try to show the people who are new here that we're not here to perform.
We are here to pray, but I am trying to tell you when the Lord shows us something, we are not here to be flaky.
June 15th, June 12th.
Ready?
And it was being smuggled into America.
This pathogen, it was a container that was about this big.
It was about that big around and it was glass-looking.
Someone said, Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba.
They are in your backyard.
And I saw darkness on Cuba.
Darkness like complete grid down.
I went and pulled that one.
I was like, I am sorry.
I am trying to pull from this video because I know you have a lot of It is all right.
We have made our point.
We give all glory to Jesus, though.
It is not about us.
Here it is.
Russia, old alliances, old friendships.
I see a darkness on Cuba.
It is dated already, so it is not hard for the infrastructure of their grid.
It is old things.
I see an extension cord again from Russia to Cuba and it is under the water.
This is symbolic.
It is under the water.
It is a black cord.
It looks like an internet cord going from Cuba to Russia.
A secret cord in the water.
It is deep in the water.
The woman in Mexico.
There is so much corruption in so many governments all around.
This is very how you got in power in the first place.
But there are keys.
There are keys to Venezuela and it goes from Venezuela to Cuba and they traffic the people through these tunnels and the drugs come up through these tunnels.
Great corruption in the Hispanic government is Claudia.
Remember this, though, Venezuela will be like an Iraq if it keeps going this way.
I am going to Venezuela and I see Venezuela being promised things.
Oh, and I am now in Cuba and I see Cuba being promised things and I see alliances of Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries that have been like outcasts.
That is very much like Cuba lining up with Russia, coming underneath those trying to bring them out of that.
But it would be a base clear down there, so strong being so close to America.
That is a very dangerous promising to build a base in Cuba.
And that is what these things the Lord has showed us.
So you think America is going to sit by and watch that?
Same with all these other things we see.
What did we say about Taiwan?
And I brought up Taiwan and I said you must pray over Taiwan.
And if we stand in the gap concerning Taiwan, we can stop the Xi Jinping to push him back, hold him back, because I kept seeing China trying to have a coup in their nation to rise up and try to bring forth a takeover over Taiwan.
This has all been in the last week, going on two weeks, I guess.
But this is what happened today with China.
It says Chinese Air Force activity around Taiwan has fallen sharply in recent weeks with no fighters at all in the past week, a sudden drop in what had been daily military maneuvers that could signal Beijing is recalibrating its pressure on them.
Right.
Taiwan type A.
Yeah, it is probably there.
Do you see?
That is the power of prayer because I saw them coming with a plan.
And the Lord said, Stand with the people of Taiwan and shelter them with the blood.
And as I was praying last night, I saw a white and red was that over Taiwan?
A red and white flannel-looking quilt being brought over Taiwan.
And this was symbolic for something.
It was red and white.
White base with red on top.
The red stripes were all over with white base that was covering Taiwan with a flannel-looking garment.
It was just like this.
Yep.
It was predominantly white though, so I do not know what that is symbolic for.
But it looked like a candy cane and it was taken up on the side with China and it was being brought up as a shield and brought over Taiwan in the vision last night.
And I saw a blanket going over Taiwan as we were praying that was being extended from the water toward China that was bringing about over Taiwan when we were praying.
And I said, I see this blanket that is covering Taiwan and it is red and white.
So, I do not know what that means.
I do not.
But I thought it was something neat because candy canes are about a shepherd's rod.
But I thought, what are you saying, Lord, about the white and the red?
Why is red and white covering Taiwan?
So then we see that article out today concerning China saying that they are not flying so much.
What happened?
Prayer.
That is what happens.
There is a lot of praying people in these areas.
The Asians pray.
Boy, they get there.
They said, We are praying with you, Brandon.
The Asian channel.
You talk about a bunch of people who pray.
Our brothers and sisters in South Korea pray.
They are praying people more so than any other culture I have come across that is real.
I am talking about just and our Asian channel.
I love that South Korean channel.
Love it.
They are some good people.
It is exciting to see them and they are so enthusiastic about prayer and the same thing with the other one.
My Spanish channel, it blesses me a lot too, but exciting to be here tonight.
So here we go.
We are going to pray.
Is that did we get everything?
Yeah.
I mean it was going to go more what you saw last night but yeah you saw fiber optic, you saw cables and stuff like that.
Oh, okay.
I saw this last night going across America.
I saw a black cord that looked like a fiber optic cable.
Okay.
And it was strung across America that had little cords similar.
There was a similar cord that was small that was attached to a rotary phone that went into each state that had ties to terrorists and they were on rotary phones.
These black phones that were not like modern-day phones.
It was like a black phone like grandma used to have in the 80s when I was a little boy.
And so I know this was symbolic in the spirit realm last night concerning how they are communicating because I saw they were communicating in a way that was not able to be detected because the Lord brought up carrier pigeons.
He brought up Morse code.
He said these were ways.
And then he brought up the Cherokee Indians concerning World War II and he said they are using unusual ways of communication to detour from the way they think they should be communicating.
And this was concerning how they are communicating in our nation strategizing.
And he said they do not want to strike back.
I said, Lord, how come these what I have seen about them coming across the southern border and coming through those tunnels?
And the Lord said, You have a thousand men in these 10 different cities and I saw all this and I saw the barrels and he said, Timothy McVeigh, don't forget Timothy McVeigh, don't forget the strategic attacks that have come upon your nation in the past.
Copycat.
They are going to use this fertilizer and I told you about it a year ago and most people said Brandon, what happened all that concerning the inauguration and pray and all that.
I said this is still the Lord said it is still here but the Lord said we are striking them in Iran but they are not wanting to be like another strike.
They wanted a fatal blow.
They were not looking to punch back in the face like a fist fight.
They wanted to take and he said it is not about wounding the eagle.
It is about destroying it.
They are waiting for a strategic plan is what he said.
If you were here for my prayer last night, what they said, the Lord said, This is not about a strike with the face.
This is about a fatal blow to the eagle.
They are looking how to bring forth mass destruction with the reaction that they want to give.
The people are here, and that is what the Lord kept warning us about last night.
How do you do something with less energy with greater results?
As I was seeing them communicate, it was in ways that were old; it was telephone.
I saw Cuba talking to the man talking to Iran's people to the Middle East, and it was like telephone to telephone in a way that they would try to communicate without chatter underneath the radar.
So how do you deliver this message so that it is not like internet traffic with email or whatever?
It was old, like a rotary phone.
Now, I do not know what this means, ladies and gentlemen.
I am trying to pray this out because we see in part and we get the pieces, and it is like a puzzle.
He does not give it to us all at once.
We put the puzzle together, and then we know this is what we are praying for and how we are praying into it.
I have said a lot, but that was a lot to say.
I told you a lot happened today.
But what else did the Lord show you?
Anything else that was important that I need to bring up?
Everything He says is important, but we talked about Alex Jones becoming radically saved.
We are praying over his life, praying over Austin, and I was praying over John Hagee's church.
I am not trying to bring fear into John Hagee's church.
I am telling you to pray over John Hagee's church.
He stands with Israel, and there were two people that were nuts.
The Lord specifically said that they had a plan.
I was praying against them, and they will not be successful.
He sustained him once and He will do it again.
He sustained him twice and He will do it again.
Do you understand?
We have a covenant.
That is why I was trying to explain to you all; we have a covenant with God.
This is not religious; this is not priest.
This is relationship.
This is covenant.
If you understand who you are in Christ, as He is, so are we in this world.
When we take this, this is not just taking a wafer because it is a religious experience.
This represents relationship.
This represents that what is mine is His and what is His is mine.
I am an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The angel armies are on my side, the treasury is on my side, and the healing power of Jesus is with me.
Do you understand that?
We have the greater one on the inside of us.
That is why we do this.
This is not just something to make us feel better because we are praying.
No, I expect results.
I expect the angels to protect us.
I expect the anointing of the Holy Ghost to flow out of us.
When I told you I saw the dead being raised, He said, How dead is dead, Brandon?
What does that mean?
Decaying flesh is dead.
Somebody that is dead for two hours is still dead, but dead is dead.
I told you the dead will be raised.
Believe for bigger.
Just because he is not stiff yet and has been dead for just a couple hours, you think, Well, that one of course will get up.
He still has blood in there.
But He said, Brandon, I am going to bring back people whose bones are showing because they are worm food.
Do you understand?
God is going to do things that are going to be mind-blowing in these last days, exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
He brought up the scripture that the dead in Christ will rise first.
He said, Brandon, I am going to bring people back as a witness.
Look, Cousin Joe is back.
My goodness, look at him.
He has been gone for how many years?
I want to tell you there is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Do you understand?
How many unbelievers are going to become believers immediately because they see Uncle Joe, who died a couple years ago, come back and tell them that Jesus Christ is real as a witness?
You said, Brandon, you are way out there.
Yeah, I am.
I believe for big because I know I have a big God.
Too many people have labored to put Him in a box.
They put Him in a little box.
They say, This is where you are, Lord.
You have to do it because this is what my religious theology degree told me you can do.
I do not have a degree.
All I have is Jesus, and He comes and visits me.
I tell you, it is the truth.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen, and you better get your heart right before Him or you are going to get left.
I yell because I am passionate about it.
Most people are asleep and they do not realize the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ are all around us.
He just wants people to rise up and say, Who will go?
Who can I send into the nations to tell them about My coming?
Signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
Will you believe?
I choose to believe.
That is why I said even when I saw the dead being raised and saw those bones coming back to life, I said, Lord, I believe, help my unbelief.
In my mind, I am thinking somebody is dead for a couple hours; it is going to be okay, we can raise that one.
But when I saw the bones come back and the skeleton come back, I thought, No way, Lord.
Is that possible?
He said, I did it once.
Can you do it again in the new covenant?
You did it in the Old Testament.
Can you do it in the new?
Can you do it for us?
Even greater works will you do?
I stretch myself to believe bigger.
We pray for the sister who had a headache, which is a miracle in itself—we do not want to knock that, and they do not have a headache anymore—but to see somebody that was completely deteriorated come back to life?
Wow.
I give glory to God.
Father, we liberate a whole land of Cuba in a day to bring revival all over Cuba, to bring stability financially to Venezuela in these areas, to remove Claudia and bring in a godly man.
She sold out to the drug lords.
Bring in somebody with stability to bring revival across Mexico.
Father, we are so thankful for Your body.
I know that we can do what the Bible says we can do.
We can have what the Bible says we can have.
I thank You, Father, that every single one of these people tonight are believing You for big, that we are not just sitting by watching the sun come up and the sun go down.
We are more than conquerors, and we are taking the land for You.
Father, we are telling the people that Jesus Christ is coming, and we are warning them that the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
We lay hold to what You said we could have, and we know that by Your stripes we are healed.
We do not let allergies bother us or trees budding out.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us.
Our minds are renewed.
We do not have to have depression, anxieties, fears, night terrors, and things that people say they deal with.
Why?
Because we have perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on You because we trusted in You.
We thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
We thank You, Lord, that we are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and He dwells inside of us richly by faith.
I believe Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of me and that You speak to me.
You said we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
My sheep—am I Yours?
Are You His?
He said, My sheep.
That is a level of ownership.
You are My sheep.
You belong to Me.
Do you belong to Him?
Are you sold out to Him?
Is your lamp full of oil?
Are you looking for His return?
Are you the five virgins that have their lamps full and are expecting the return of the Lord?
Are you the ones that are not?
The other five weren't ready.
As in the days of Noah, Noah was ready.
He got on the boat.
All the others didn't.
There were only eight: his sons, his wives, and him.
They all got on there.
They were so excited to be there.
I'm sure the rain's here.
Prophecy fulfilled as they hear the water arising as in the days of Noah.
There was an escape from the wrath to come the first time, and I believe there's an escape from the wrath to come the second time.
He said he wouldn't destroy it by water again, but by fire.
We're about to see because the Bible said Jesus told us that as in the days of Noah, so will it be.
We're getting so close.
And so that's why I take this communion to represent something to me: that he has a covenant with me.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you Lord that my bank account is not lacking anything because you provide for me, that whatever I put my hands to, you provide for me.
You'll take care of me and you anoint my head and my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life.
Why?
Because I'm dwelling in the house of the Lord forever.
I'm dwelling and I'm sitting at your feet.
And so I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you Lord for your healing power that flows on the inside of me in Jesus' name.
We take the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
I thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of my sins.
Thank you, Lord.
The blood covers us.
Thank you, Lord, that the blood covers this atmosphere.
I plead the blood over me, in my mind, over any visions that you may show me tonight.
If not, it's okay.
Father, we yield, and we see uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus all around us.
And I thank you, Lord.
I yield to the anointing of the prophet.
I yield to the anointing of the watchman.
And I yield to it now in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that you get all the glory and you get all the honor and you get all the praise.
And if you want to show us anything, fine.
If not, we'll just pray over what you've already given us.
And we're so grateful for all the things you've showed us so far that we see in the news.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you praise and glory, and we give you all of it because you deserve all the praise.
You deserve all the honor for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
And we take this blood in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Hallelujah.
Well, let's pray for a little bit here.
It's night.
It's only Saturday.
You can pray with me later.
Maybe you watch it tomorrow.
But I feel we should pray for some things.
I talked for a long time, but I'm going to tell you this.
Bottom line is, if you're watching this and you tell me, Brandon, I've never accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal Savior.
Before it gets too late, if you're watching this right now, before we pray, I want to ask you, do you know, my friend, do you know Jesus?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
The most important thing I can ever tell you out of any broadcast I ever do is you must be born again.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
Unless you know Jesus Christ and confess him as your Lord, you're not going to make it into heaven.